Add LatinX News (#11)
SECQUOIA/SECQUOIA.github.io: _posts/2023-09-27 LatinX.md

---
layout: post
title: LatinXinChE First Virtual Symposium 2023
description: 'Speaker Session Winners!'
image: assets/images/posts/LatinX_Final.png
---

> We are pleased to announce that our both visiting scholars [Andres](https://SECQUOIA.github.io/2-members.html) and [Pedro](https://SECQUOIA.github.io/2-members.html) have been awarded in the **1st [LatinXinChE](https://twitter.com/LatinXinChE) Virtual Symposium** in the speaking session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are pleased to announce that both our visiting scholars [Andres](https://SECQUOIA.github.io/2-members.html) and [Pedro](https://SECQUOIA.github.io/2-members.html) have received awards in the **1st [LatinXinChE Virtual Symposium](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/latinxinche_hispanicheritagemonth-latinxinche-activity-7110006993557323776-3gb9)**.
Pedro and Andres were the only finalists who were not faculty or Ph.D. candidates. Yet, Andres got the highest award, allowing him to talk at AIChE and fund his visit to Orlando. Pedro got a memorable mention and a monetary prize!
```

<div style="text-align: center"> <img style='height: 50%; width: 80%' src="{% link assets/images/posts/Added_Twitter_LatinX.png %}" alt=""/> </div>

<ul class="actions">
    <li><a href="/3-news.html" class="button icon fa-arrow-left">Back</a></li>
</ul>

> More than 50 scientist from all around the world 🌐 shared their cutting-edge researches. We want to thank you [LatinXinChE](https://twitter.com/LatinXinChE) for this great opportunity to share our work and to meet other LatinX scientists. [#LatinXinChESymposium2023](https://twitter.com/hashtag/LatinXinChESymposium2023?src=hashtag_click)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More than 50 scientists from all around the world 🌐 shared their cutting-edge research. Thank you [LatinXinChE](https://www.aiche.org/community/sites/committees/minority-affairs/latinx-che) for this excellent opportunity to share our work!
```
